Hit Refresh: The Quest to Rediscover Microsoft's Soul and Imagine a Better Future for Everyone by Satya Nadella

Book description: Hit Refresh is the story of corporate change and reinvention as well as the story of Nadella’s personal journey, one that is taking place today inside a storied technology company, and one that is coming in all of our lives as intelligent machines become more ambient and more ubiquitous. It’s about how people, organizations and societies can and must hit refresh—transform—in their persistent quest for new energy, new ideas, relevance and renewal. At the core, it’s about us humans and our unique qualities, like empathy, which will become ever more valuable in a world where the torrent of technology will disrupt like never before. As much a humanist as a technologist, Nadella defines his mission and that of the company he leads as empowering every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As much a humanist as a technologist, Nadella defines his mission and that of the company he leads as empowering every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more.

Review: Being an opensource enthusiast, the guys from opensource and Linux world has always despised Microsoft, we have been into the era of the wars of silicon valley and witnessed their struggle to reach to the top position to rule the game field.

this is the story of how microsoft has transioned itself from a propritory compay to now a fierce supporter of open source. how Microsoft has started to change in the technology adaoption and becoming better at it, despite the leaders of those technologies still are the leading force.

In this book and the initial 3 chapters, Satya Nadella speaks about his fascinating childhood before immigrating to the U.S. and how he learned to lead along the way and shares his meditations as a sitting CEO—one who is mostly unknown following the brainy Bill \
Gates and Steve Ballmer.

from chapter 4 to the next 9 chapters He tells the inside story of how a company rediscovered its soul—transforming everything from culture to their fiercely competitive landscape and industry partnerships.

The author has shown his willingness to embrace change by forging new partnerships with companies long-viewed as arch rivals such as Red Hat and Apple and acquiring new platforms promising growth opportunities. The compnay has made acquisitons as popular game Minecraft, the developer platform Github, and the social network LinkedIn which shows how microsoft has successfully repositioned itself—going from a “devices and services” company to a “mobile and cloud” company.

During the last chapters the author focuses on three technologies that lead to massive shifts in the economy and society: mixed reality, artificial intelligence and quantum computing. The first changes how people interface with computing and the digital world by increasing the experiential nature of the specific task.

At the end of the book Nadella reprises a theme he sees as a core value in creating successful relationships for employees, managers, partners and people in general: the importance of education and empathy. Education as an essential road to understanding and using new technology so that a knowledge gap does not create further displacement in society.

As Nadella explains “Ideas excite me, Empathy grounds and centers me.” Hit Refresh is a set of reflections, meditations, and recommendations presented as algorithms from a principled, deliberative leader searching for improvement—for himself, for a storied company, and for society.

Empathy is critical for leaders and managers to understand others, their motives, wants and needs. 

Goodreads : 3.77/5

Amazon affiliate link: https://www.amazon.in/Hit-Refresh-Rediscover-Microsofts-Everyone/dp/000824765X/?tags=omps-20

Genres : #Business #Philosophy
@Audiobookclassic




The Art of Making Money: The Story of a Master Counterfeiters by Jason Kersten

The true story of a brilliant counterfeiter who "made" millions, outwitted the Secret Service, and was finally undone when he went in search of the one thing his forged money couldn't buy him: family.

Though the book's title looks as a fiction, but the story is real and was directly been narrated to the Author, the author was more fascinated with the idea, that this knowledge is being passed from generation to generation and Art Williams would be the last link of this Art.

The book is written by journalist Jason Kersten who got the story of Art Williams from his Hollywood producer friend who was scouting for location in Chicago where his driver turned up as "Art Williams".

In the book "The Art of Making Money" details how Art Williams painstakingly defeated the anti-forging features of the New Note, how Williams and his partner-in-crime wife converted fake bills into legitimate tender at shopping malls all over America, and how they stayed one step ahead of the Secret Service until trusting the wrong person brought them all down.

A compulsively readable story of how having it all is never enough, The Art of Making Money is a stirring portrait of the rise and inevitable fall of a modern-day criminal mastermind.

The great part about this book is great about this book is that it does not bog down in the technical details of how Art learned to counterfeit, but gets deep into his motivations, his circumstances, and the troubled relationship with the father who abandoned him.

Its really sad in the end to all the ups and down of his life really make his downfall make more tragic. He seemed as a young, brilliant man brought down by the people around him, and the tempetation his skills inspires.

Art Williams spent his boyhood in a comfortable middle-class existence in 1970s Chicago, but his idyll was shattered when, in short order, his father abandoned the family, his bipolar mother lost her wits, and Williams found himself living in one of Chicago's worst housing projects.

He took to crime almost immediately, starting with petty theft before graduating to robbing drug dealers. Eventually a man nicknamed "DaVinci" taught him the centuries-old art of counterfeiting. After a stint in jail, Williams emerged to discover that the Treasury Department had issued the most secure hundred-dollar bill ever created: the 1996 New Note.

Williams spent months trying to defeat various security features before arriving at a bill so perfect that even law enforcement had difficulty distinguishing it from the real thing. Williams went on to print millions in counterfeit bills, selling them to criminal organizations and using them to fund cross-country spending sprees.

Still unsatisfied, he went off in search of his long-lost father, setting in motion a chain of betrayals that would be his undoing.


Goodreads : 3.99/5

Genres : #Autobiography #TrueCrime

Amazon Affiliate link: https://amzn.to/2YbWQ2u


The Bourne Supremacy by Robert Ludlum
#jasonbourne 

This is the second in series for the book bourne identity, though the book bourne identity did had ended well. This super thrilling second book in line is just as amazing as the first one.

Some two years after learning that he is a trained assassin and breaking his connections with the CIA, Jason Bourne is framed for a crime to cover up the true perpetrator. An attempt on his life by a Russian cop, results in Marie's, the CIA agents death in India. Bourne, thinking that the CIA is hunting him again, proceeds to hunt those responsible for her death and his forgotten past. Bourne discovers that one of the men who oversaw the program which trained Bourne to be an assassin, had stolen millions of dollars from the CIA. Abbott had planned to frame Bourne for the theft, followed by assassinating Bourne in India. Bourne exposes Abbott to another CIA officer in charge of finding Bourne. Abbott kills himself. Bourne goes to Moscow where he is identified, Bourne then goes back into hiding.

Reenter the shadowy world of Jason Bourne, an expert assassin still plagued by the splintered nightmares of his former life. This time the stakes are higher than ever. For someone else has taken on the Bourne identity—a ruthless killer who must be stopped or the world will pay a devastating price. To succeed, the real Jason Bourne must maneuver through the dangerous labyrinth of international espionage—an exotic world filled with CIA plots, turncoat agents, and ever-shifting alliances—all the while hoping to find the truth behind his haunted memories and the answers to his own fragmented past. This time there are two Bournes—and one must die.

Goodreads : 4.11/5

Amazon Link: https://amzn.to/2Lw8T4M

Genres : #Spy  #Espionage #Mystery 



The Bourne Ultimatum by Robert Ludlum
#jasonbourne 



The world’s two deadliest spies in the ultimate showdown.
At a small-town carnival two men, each mysteriously summoned by telegram, witness a bizarre killing. The telegrams are signed Jason Bourne. Only they know Bourne’s true identity and understand the telegram is really a message from Bourne’s mortal enemy, Carlos, known also as the Jackal, the world’s deadliest and most elusive terrorist. And furthermore, they know that the Jackal wants: a final confrontation with Bourne.

Now David Webb, professor of Oriental studies, husband, and father, must do what he hoped he would never have to do again: assume the terrible identity of Jason Bourne. His plan is simple: to infiltrate the politically and economically Medusan group and use himself as bait to lure the cunning Jackal into a deadly trap, a trap from which only one of them will escape. 

Amazon Link: https://amzn.to/2Yd5U70
Goodreads : 4.0/5
Genres : #Spy #Espionage
@Audiobookclassic



Good Omens by Neil Gaiman &Terry Pratchett


According to The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch (the world's only completely accurate book of prophecies, written in 1655, before she exploded), the world will end on a Saturday. Next Saturday, in fact. Just before dinner.

So the armies of Good and Evil are amassing, Atlantis is rising, frogs are falling, tempers are flaring. Everything appears to be going according to Divine Plan. Except a somewhat fussy angel and a fast-living demon—both of whom have lived amongst Earth's mortals since The Beginning and have grown rather fond of the lifestyle—are not actually looking forward to the coming Rapture.

And someone seems to have misplaced the Antichrist . . .

Goodreads : 4.25/5

Amazon Link: https://amzn.to/2JUBVHJ
Genres : #Humor #Fantasy
@Audiobookclassic
